I just don't feel the same you know this
chick said I went away to college we
never get to see they're gonna be coming
out tonight and they're gonna be on it
for the holidays that old Christmas
magic first she jiggles the bells then
it's a way to the manger to the world
they can be Bing Crosby Christmas
fashion
[Music]
by a bunch of uneducated County no thank
you
I didn't mean you know that's a relief
because I need to be thought of as
uneducated fat Claremont's Tony Oliverio
Angela's your best friend cousin if he
wasn't there's no and hang out it's very
bad for you think about the feast in
Christmas Eve in this town everybody is
Italian or thinks they're what wasn't
you talking about the Feast of the Seven
Fishes it's something we do every
Christmas Eve all the Italians around
here do we cook fish and we party and
blast she's a really great girl joke
that's a problem
do you remember last Christmas Eve well
there's a lot of people out there who
might not appreciate our idiosyncrasies
yeah
[Music]
the name very good boy that's Frankie
how's that rib coming both cleaning it
you ain't done yet you know your
favorite baby public supposed to help
turn my back for one minute and you got
a screw up Christmas
[Music]
I got things to do too so I do my thing
you know do your thing and then I will
do all right hey she's gotta go yes she
does oh she don't
[Music]
you